Ji-Hye, hi!
Ju-Hee!
How are you?
Good.
Hello.
Ha-Yoon, hi.
We’re bringing dinner
to Brother Oh’s family tonight,
and I needed a few more things.
It’s been so hard for them, you know.
They don’t know how long
she’ll be in the hospital.
Mom, Mom!
Can I get this, Mom?
Oh, Honey.
No.
Can I, Mom?
Please, put it back.
I want it.
Please, Mom!
OK.
But only if you’re good, OK?
Mom, I want to go now.
Oh.
Mom, can we go?
Mom, Mom, Mom, I want to go.
Please!
I’ll—I’ll let you go.
We’ll talk later.
I’m sorry.
I want to go, Mom.
Oh, Honey.
Please, Mom.
Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom!
Can I get this, Mom?
I’m sorry—one minute.
Now, Honey, didn’t we already
get a snack for later?
And do you remember
what we came to get at the store?
Yes.
OK, so please put that back.
When I’m done talking
to Sister Ju-Hee, we can go.
OK.
I asked Jehovah that we can play again soon.
He will make the Paradise, so we can
have fun every day and never be sick.
There will be animals and lots of cats.
Ji-Ho, hey!
We’re leaving for the meeting soon.
Come on; let’s get ready.
We’ve got ten minutes.
I don’t want to go.
I’m—I’m sorry, what was that?
I don’t want to go!
What does Jehovah want you to do?
I don’t know.
Does he want it to be so boring?
Maybe you should pay attention more,
and it won’t be so boring.
OK?
Let’s go.
Ji-Ho!
You’re in my house,
so you do what we all do, all right?
Tonight, we’re going to the meeting.
Now come on.
Ji-Ho, hey!
We’re leaving for the meeting soon.
We’ve got ten minutes.
Come on; let’s get ready.
I don’t want to go.
Ji-Ho, did you say that you don’t want to go?
Can you tell me why?
It’s boring.
Ah, well, it is a lot of sitting.
But you haven’t always
felt this way, have you?
No.
So, what changed?
Do your friends think it’s boring?
What friends?
Oh, I see.
Ji-Ho, I want to hear more
about this tonight when we get home.
Let’s ask Jehovah for help,
and then let’s get ready.